unbound module (#287)
netdata/go.d.plugin: modules/unbound/README.md

# unbound

This module monitors one or more [`Unbound`](https://nlnetlabs.nl/projects/unbound/about/) servers, depending on your configuration.

#### Requirements

-   `Unbound` with enabled `remote-control` interface (see [unbound.conf](https://nlnetlabs.nl/documentation/unbound/unbound.conf))

If using unix socket:

-   socket should be readable and writeable by `netdata` user

If using ip socket and TLS is disabled:

-   socket should be accessible via network

If TLS is enabled, in addition:

-   `control-key-file` should be readable by `netdata` user
-   `control-cert-file` should be readable by `netdata` user

For auto detection parameters from `unbound.conf`:

-  `unbound.conf` should be readable by `netdata` user

> #### Charts

Author: i will do it but imo 2 `##` makes it huge, too big difference between text and heading.

-   Request List Usage in `queries`
-   Current Request List Usage in `queries`
-   Request List Jostle List Events in `queries`
-   TCP Handler Buffers in `buffers`
-   Uptime `seconds`

If `extended-statistics` is enabled:

-   Queries By Type in `queries`
-   Queries By Class in `queries`
-   Queries By OpCode in `queries`
-   Queries By Flag in `queries`
-   Replies By RCode in `replies`
-   Cache Items Count in `items`
-   Cache Memory in `KB`
-   Module Memory in `KB`
-   TCP and TLS Stream Waif Buffer Memory in `KB`

Per thread charts (only if number of threads > 1):
-   Received Queries in `queries`
-   Rate Limited Queries in `queries`
-   DNSCrypt Queries in `queries`
-   Cache Statistics in `events`
-   Cache Statistics Percentage in `events`
-   Cache Prefetches in `prefetches`
-   Replies Served From Expired Cache in `replies`
-   Replies That Needed Recursive Processing in `replies`
-   Time Spent On Recursive Processing in `milliseconds`
-   Request List Usage in `queries`
-   Current Request List Usage in `queries`
-   Request List Jostle List Events in `queries`
-   TCP Handler Buffers in `buffers`

### Configuration

> Needs only `address` to server's `remote-control` interface if TLS is disabled or `address` is unix socket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Unbound collector only needs the `address` to aserver's `remote-control` interface if TLS is disabled or `address` is unix socket.
```

Otherwise you need to set path to the `control-key-file` and `control-cert-file` files.

> Module tries to auto detect following parameters reading `unbound.conf`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module tries to auto detect following parameters reading `unbound.conf`:
```
